When my sister becomes a bride and wears tinsel, I will also wear tinsel.	He had a peaked hat on his head, a thick fabric jacket on his back, and trousers made of woodmeil on his legs.	sister-woodmeil
Ali Reis never raised his head, he was hunched over the blue nets, his hands were working like a shuttle, the torn net was renewed and turned into a very blue pile that would grow bigger in the future.	Patched socks, calico panties, a frock coat, trousers shortened, crotch torn, from I don't know where.	net-crotch
White girls fled from their land.	Therefore let's talk about gold and coin business as soon as possible.	white-coin
Mr. Ahmet, he said, I know who you are, your creed, and what activities you do in the town and villages.	Their mouths and hands were red from the candy they had licked.	creed-candy
This little procession sauntered past us.	When it became clear that he had misunderstood, it became a mockery between us.	procession-mockery
While Cemal was trying to understand what was happening, this time the soldier asked him, Are you from school or ranker?	His voice hit the woman's ears with a mocking harmony.	ranker-mocking
An are is the area of a square with a side of ten metres.	They wouldn't condemn a brave man if he loved him well, loving well is not a shame for a brave man.	are-shame
The poor man was wandering around the market, buying cheap satins, velvets and silks to frame and process for his daughter.	If you lose your way in this adventure, you can browse the pages of this dream atlas.	satin-atlas
After going to the Moon and back, we must be more respectful towards the human race.	April is the month when spring shines with all its colors and beauty.	moon-month
Providing service in a stone building with a garden on the branch of the river, the venue has a simple and meticulous decoration.	Children rampaged.	branch-rampage
The shoelace came untied.	When the original owner of the vineyard died, the deceased's children moved to the city and started giving half of the vineyard to someone every year.	shoelace-vineyard
Bright-eyed red-mullets with their tails up in that restaurant window.	Kidney-beans were dangling on sticks.	mullet-beans
Listen to my words, remember what I say!	He dug, sometimes alone and sometimes with the help of his daughter and wife, especially the parts of berms where vegetables need to be planted, turned the soil over.	remember-dug
We owe a large part of our safety to our habits and learned and memorized experiences.	The garden is dug.	memorize-dug
You said, you liked thin waisted blondes like me?	Our situation and our time are clear to you.	waisted-clear
I had the mole on my back removed.	Throwing away all the love from me I gave my existence only to her.	mole-I
They put shroud-like cloths behind us and tied them with a belt.	Pancreatic gland.	cloth-gland
They left all planting and harvesting work to women.	The Italian embassy has preserved its original form to this day.	harvesting-form
My money was finished yesterday.	What grows in this land other than wheat and barley?	finish-grow
Osman prepared his house for us, and he withdrew to the hayloft at the back of the garden with his old mother.	Shoemaker bodkin.	us-bodkin
The white stem of an engine breaks the darkness.	Out of spite, I jumped headlong into the subject.	stem-headlong
There are so many private on that boat, the only one I liked is you.	As I take off my boots, I see Mine's cloth slippers under the bed.	boat-boot
Her height was tall, but a little too fat.	Turkic tribes consider each other as brothers.	height-tribe
No one would pluck a bunch of grape from these overhanging branches.	As the sound of the oud filled the room, another jingle was heard, hitting the walls and mixing with the song.	bunch-jingle
These djins were eating human flesh, drinking their blood, and wrapping their intestines around their bodies.	Thus, the three gin drinkers make a mess.	djin-gin
I don't know how it happened, as soon as I bent over and lit it, the lighter sparked.	I hammered the nail into the wood.	lighter-hammer
They offered us tea.	It is like a steep rock on the banks of a wild stream.	tea-stream
While we were leaving Edirne early in the morning, we saw a lot of partridges and got off the car.	It must be the density of freckles on the girl's face.	partridge-freckle
Considering that our life in this world consists of suffering, the most appropriate suffering had to be here.	I couldn't find a skein of yarn.	suffering-skein
He was standing in front of the window, staring at the rooftops opposite with his far-away and angry eyes.	Some of the men were coming, holding their partner's hand, some holding her arm, and some lightly holding her shoulder.	rooftop-partner
A shadow is boiling a broken pot around a few clusters of roofless houses next to piles of stones.	When you balance your money and get through the crowd to the door of the disco, you will be greeted by a sign, No entry partnerless!	roofless-partnerless
We entered through the door, touching each other for a moment.	Three days of my life are worth three hundred thousand liras.	touch-worth
As the old saying goes, man goes astray.	Being literate does not mean being a man.	saying-mean
A weak young man above his counterpoise sings a sad parting song.	I searched for a long time but couldn't find my match.	counterpoise-match
A monument will be erected here.	Bootee were sewn for babies, boots and sandals were sewn for women and privates.	erect-sew
They erected a pole somewhere.	I sewed clothes.	erect-sew
Pervin stood up after resting for a while.	I think he was annoyed that he thought he wasn't being listened to.	rest-listen
We touched the button of an electric bell.	Carpets were woven.	touch-weave
If hail hit his crops, it meant he was hungry for a year.	A bottle filled with water.	hail-filled
A sweet, warm smell of bread filled the room.	However, he can plant thirty acres a year.	bread-plant
The through train to Paris was leaving at half past six in the morning.	I have sent an express letter.	through-express
My hands are shaking with fear.	Instead of taking strangers as an example, take your sister as an example.	hand-stranger
Measure the width of the paper.	He sent his best man here.	width-best
She looks at me again with those old, mysterious eyes.	Marijuana definitely has some addictive properties.	mysterious-marijuana
The sea was so mysterious in the past too.	He threw a small pebble at the cat, which intoxicated him with the marijuana smoke he blew into his mouth and fell asleep.	mysterious-marijuana
As the taxi approached, the headlights grew stronger and higher.	She dyed her long and curly eyelashes with eyeshadow that she applied to her eyelids.	headlights-eyeshadow
How peaceful my head is today, how clear my heart is.	A spacious house.	clear-spacious
The green paddy sprouts were about an inch long.	Iron ore	sprout-ore
Moisture destroys the walls and sorrow destroys the people.	Then, shakily, he remembers the piano where he listed the first scales: do, re, mi, fa, sol...	sorrow-scale
Mind power.	How difficult it is to criticize a work of art!	power-difficult
Eight day trip.	She wrote in her diary every day without exception.	day-diary
Crimean khans.	We were in an inn, tired and in a sweet sleep.	khan-inn
It's hard to say no to such a question.	Doing charity is a reward.	no-charity
When the clock strikes six, my uncle's open, painful eyes are closed, his mouth is open, his head is low, he is snoring.	I can't say that we despised her, but the atmosphere in our house was starting to feel foreign to her.	snore-despise
I don't believe in divine powers.	Young girls had been singing hymns all day.	divine-hymn
The greatest law in the world is to feed yourself in order to defend and protect yourself.	It is said that the qanun was first made by Farabi.	law-qanun
It drives me crazy that this old lady, this wretched woman inside and out, is still looking for a market place.	Press card.	old-card
Water was added to the milk.	My father looked a little sullen, but my mother was breathless from laughing.	added-breathless
A tear or two fell from his eyes onto his graying beard.	The car was going smoothly on the deserted, flat road, and occasionally a light wind was blowing, bringing the smell of the countryside.	graying-countryside
Like all women, she blamed her husband for this in her mind.	When I woke up, there was a huge shadow in front of us.	husband-huge
His French shirt had round, solid, starched armlets that sometimes fell from his wrists to his hands.	They would gladly undertake this honorable police duty.	armlet-police
A nightingale came and settled on the edge of the pool.	Salt is added to the food.	settle-added
I'm running away and my brother is running after me.	I harnessed the horses to the cart.	run-harness
I didn't want to dirty the pillow with my hair, which was black with ferry smoke and chimney smut.	Turkish Language Association.	smut-association
She would make the best binding, gilded on red leather, for five piastre.	Establishing the university is the evolution of the new Turkey's scientific revolution.	piastre-establishing
Stubby fingers.	He hit it with a thud.	stubby-thud
I will break every obstacle to taste the flavor of this ideal that has been fueling my brain and blood for a long time.	In every village there is someone who sings chansonette.	obstacle-chansonette
See what a joke!	The child bought a mascara.	joke-mascara
National culture is not a doctrine, but a library and museum consisting of hundreds of works.	A huge ink bottle fell from the young man's hand and exploded.	consisting-ink
He killed most of them to save himself.	We couldn't pass by without taking a distant look at the exquisite pastel and oil paint panels on the walls.	himself-exquisite
Hundreds of drugs and dozens of methods had always aimed at this.	What you did is not understandable by them.	dozen-them
Don't distract me, I have a lot of work to do.	I embroidered a handkerchief.	distract-embroider
There is also a Turkish phratry called Belek.	He would cut a tree trunk, carve it, embroider it and decorate it.	phratry-carve
Fruit pulp.	I will treat you like my own child.	pulp-own
I scolded him by asking how he could eat bonito while there is bluefish.	My mother immediately set to work, as soon as the sun dawned, we took our little saddlebags and went to collect acorns from the oak forests.	bonito-acorn
There can be no contradiction between the general topics proposed by the party and what the poet hears.	He was obtaining one and a half or two kilos of tobacco from a batch of seven or eight bales.	party-batch
He owns the vast rice swamps there.	Brass barbecue.	rice-brass
That's why badgers enter the beehive without hesitation, take their honey and eat it with pleasure.	Yew tree.	badger-yew
At the exact pole point, the compass starts spinning like crazy.	I hand a note to the private looking at me through the hole in the cell door and ask him to take it to the commander.	compass-note
All the waiters would form a line and greet each other.	I have never encountered purer and clearer waters anywhere than here.	line-pure
In alignment, several people take sides on one side and try to destroy the opposing side by combining their strength or intelligence.	If she gives birth to a girl, she will be unclean for two weeks, and the purification of the blood will take sixty-six days.	alignment-purification
It seems that these relations will not stop unless the contradiction between the classes aligned within the state is eliminated.	The patient fell asleep comfortably in the air of the room that was increasingly becoming purer.	aligned-purer
A huge wad of newspapers was visible in his right pocket.	Is Alish alive or drowned?	right-alive
With his mother, they got on a boat and crossed.	Sandalwood.	boat-sandalwood
On the piece of paper in her hand, there is a green, yellow and red butterfly sticker.	He promised to bring scented soaps wrapped in shiny paper and creams with rotating caps and mirrors.	yellow-wrapped
He called out to the sedge covered, dark roofs of the village.	The saz, a fine and high work of art, is also a characteristic of our nationality.	sedge-saz
Have you spread the quilts?	There are flower greenhouses at the back of the mansion, where the rarest flowers are grown every season.	spread-greenhouse
This is not a serial article.	She speaks fast.	serial-fast
When we turned the corner, we came across a domed building on top of an embankment with stairs.	Jewelry set.	embankment-set
There is the glaze inside the mirror.	I'm telling you this as a secret.	glaze-secret
The constructor plastered the wall.	Sait rolled-up his sleeves and cracked the lobster into pieces.	plaster-roll
The heart was gradually getting weaker and a slight wheezing began in the breath.	The general laughs bitterly, taking his pale lips between his fingers.	breath-pale
Was it the glory of manhood to get tired of her and not fight with her?	She transferred to the singing department at the conservatory.	glory-singing
He kissed her hand with a smack.	Alum was added to the meals.	smack-alum
He would inevitably submit to these conditions.	Charter of Paris.	condition-charter
A stylish dress.	There are two choices for you: you will either work or you will give up this job.	stylish-choice
Her puffy eyes were calmer.	Her sister puts down her sock knitting needles for a moment and her eyes fill with tears.	puffy-needle
Although there was no swelling left in his ankle, he still had pain.	A shashlik of meat smells.	swelling-shashlik
The thick soil layer above the mine is being removed.	You can kneel under the walnut trees and light a cigarette from your sheets.	layer-sheet
He did his best to pick-up the girl.	There were three people other than the coffee shop owner, two of whom were playing backgammon.	pickup-backgammon
Being able to drink a cup of tea without spilling is as much a matter of prudence as being able to pull the trigger without shaking.	Delicate job.	trigger-delicate
Too much conversation brings quick separation.	A young man with glasses who prepares his thesis from mythology.	quick-thesis
Who knows how ignorant and immature my colleagues would find me?	Young people, old people, wives, daughters and boys flocked to the feast square with great revelry.	immature-feast
İmambayıldı directions are just a click away.	Our wrestler missed the pinfall opportunity due to his inexperience.	click-pinfall
This joke was very outlandish for that time.	I got herpes on my lip.	outlandish-herpes
They also wished luck and started talking among themselves.	They sacrifice their comfort, their wealth, and risk their lives for this cause.	luck-cause
We will do this job properly.	Say it quietly so they don't hear it.	properly-quietly
After lunch, my nerves were numb, and I lay down in my compartment to take a nap.	Even though it did not fully comply with the magazine's policy in terms of art and literature, they did not interfere with a single line of mine.	numb-comply
Our destination is close, we can walk.	How many times did I complain to him, but his face was filled with such grief that I regretted it.	close-complain
Sometimes I think that writing a story is a spontaneous desire.	A black shawl on her back and a scarf on her head.	writing-scarf
After dinner, he would wrap me in his cloak and put me to bed.	The man eats so quickly that the servant cannot bring bread fast enough.	dinner-eat
One feels that one's soul is defeated even in the face of his grandeur and power, which is now calm.	White beans and fish soup were eaten and drank with appetite.	defeated-eaten
Heroes always want to defeat, or after defeating their enemies, they always want to find enemies to defeat again.	The food has been eaten.	defeat-eaten
I do not want to tire my readers with technical details.	I don't know how correct it is to attribute humane feelings and thoughts to animals.	tire-attribute
He is very energetic and does not get tired easily.	This behavior cannot be interpreted positively.	easily-positively
The poor doctor could not get up from where he collapsed due to the influence of the opium he was forced to swallow.	I don't believe what you say, you can't make me believe it.	swallow-believe
I warned him a hundred times.	She smiles with a beautiful child's face.	hundred-face
Cell membrane.	He rolled the dice to start backgammon.	membrane-dice