A Northern accent.	In ‘today’ the accent is on the second syllable.	accent
The time has come for action if these beautiful animals are to survive.	5 soldiers were killed in action.	action
Is that your home address?	The policy fails to address the needs of people on low incomes.	address
Ash from the volcano fell over a wide area.	Ash trees are located here.	ash
She was laid up with severe back pain.	The man was refusing to go to the back of the queue.	back
Tourists often disturb the delicate balance of nature on the island.	I have to check my bank balance.	balance
He kicked the ball into the net.	She met him at the ball.	ball
I don't have much money in the bank at the end of the month.	We strolled along the river bank.	bank
The area is full of restaurants and bars.	I will buy a chocolate bar.	bar
The bark peels off in summer.	The dog gave a loud bark.	bark
He always plays his stereo with the bass turned right up.	Fresh sea bass is a great delicacy.	bass
Give me the baseball bat.	Bats were flying in the sky.	bat
There was a magnificent view across the bay.	It was a bay tree.	bay
She bore the responsibility for most of the changes.	A little bear cub ran right across the road in front of us.	bear
He bowed low to the assembled crowd.	He was armed with a bow and arrow.	bow
My daughter has to wear a brace on her teeth.	They are bracing themselves for a long legal battle.	brace
She is very artistic, the cake looks brilliant.	He's a brilliant young scientist.	brilliant
Cairo is the capital of Egypt.	He had various ideas on how to raise capital for the project.	capital
I think it was him, but I can't be certain.	Certain of those present were unwilling to discuss the matter further.	certain
Her life changed completely when she won the lottery.	Don't forget your change!	change
The bullet hit him in the chest.	There is the medicine chest.	chest
I had no idea the beach was so close.	He closed the door firmly.	close
I joined a local canoeing club.	He had the golf club.	club
All employees have a written contract of employment.	Glass contracts as it cools.	contract
She conversed with the Romanians in French.	Building new roads increases traffic and the converse is equally true, reducing the number and size of roads means less traffic.	converse
Write today's date at the top of the page.	I am eating dates.	date
The default is fifty lines.	The company is in default on the loan.	default
Temperatures are expected to drop below 2 degrees.	She is pursuing a degree in biochemistry.	degree
Somalia is mostly desert.	She was deserted by her husband.	desert
Students can get discounted tickets.	We cannot discount the possibility of further strikes.	discount
Drain and rinse the pasta.	We had to call in a plumber to unblock the drain.	drain
It is in the top drawer.	He is an expert drawer and painter.	drawer
Every afternoon they went to the park to feed the ducks.	We ducked down behind the wall so they wouldn't see us.	duck
It is a movie that engages both the mind and the eye.	She was engaged to marry the heir to the Spanish throne.	engage
At last we reached the entrance of the cave.	I was entranced by the bird’s beauty.	entrance
He never even opened the letter.	4, 6, 8 and 10 are all even numbers.	even
I tried desperately to think of a good excuse.	Please excuse the mess.	excuse
The opposition parties will always exploit government problems to their own advantage.	His courage and exploits were legendary.	exploit
The leaves were falling from the trees.	He returned to school a month into the fall semester.	fall
Movie fans will be familiar with his work already.	Turn on the fan, it is too hot.	fan
This is a fairly common problem.	He has always treated me very fairly.	fair
A stack of files awaited me on my desk.	I need a file for my nails.	file
I was feeling fine when I got up this morning.	I got a parking fine for parking on double yellow lines.	fine
They hired an engineering firm to produce a model of their device.	These peaches are still firm.	firm
The boats were floating gently down the river.	The company was floated on the stock market in 2014.	float
Sam felt her cheeks flush red.	They flushed the drugs down the toilet.	flush
Geese fly south in the fall.	A fly was buzzing against the window.	fly
He was a very funny guy as well as a kind person.	The funny thing is it never happened again after that.	funny
We visited Grandma's grave.	We were in grave danger.	grave
It is hard to believe that she's only nine.	Diamonds are the hardest known mineral.	hard
Prejudices can easily become implanted in the mind.	Dental implants can replace missing teeth.	implant
The report calls for a ban on the import of hazardous waste.	It is difficult to understand the full import of this statement.	import
We're not on intimate terms with our neighbours.	He has already intimated to us his intention to retire.	intimate
I soon learnt about all the intrigues and scandals that went on in the little town.	The idea intrigued her.	intrigue
The treaty was declared invalid because it had not been ratified.	She had been a delicate child and her parents had treated her as an invalid.	invalid
Can I have the strawberry jam?	The bus was delayed in a five-mile jam.	jam
There is just one method that might work.	It was a just decision.	just
They sell all kinds of things.	You've been very kind.	kind
She took the lead in the second lap.	Lead exposure can be harmful to everyone, especially young children and babies.	lead
I wrote a letter to the editor of our local paper.	How many letters are in the Greek alphabet?	letter
You could see from his face that he was lying.	Lie there for a bit until you feel better.	lie
White paint reflects the light.	He has light blue eyes.	light
Three great local bands will be playing live.	We live in a world where technological advance is the norm.	live
Items marked with an asterisk can be omitted.	I hate marking exam papers.	mark
They are playing an important match against Liverpool on Saturday.	He lit a match so they could see in the cave.	match
Don't be so mean to your little brother!	He needed to find a mean between frankness and rudeness.	mean
There were all kinds of thoughts running through my mind.	Do your parents mind you leaving home?	mind
Two minutes later the phone rang.	The kitchen on the boat is minute.	minute
Stop biting your nails!	He knocked the nail into the wall.	nail
Her latest novel is set in Cornwall.	The plan sounded rather novel.	novel
Many local people object to the building of the new airport.	The scanner detected a metal object.	object
The main objective of this meeting is to give more information on our plans.	It is hard to remain completely objective.	objective
That painting looks very odd.	1, 3, 5 and 7 are odd numbers.	odd
Palm trees are all around.	He held the bird gently in the palm of his hand.	palm
Hospitals are treating more patients than ever before.	 She is very patient with young children.	patient
Let me grab a pen.	There is the sheep pen.	pen
Some scientific discoveries have been perverted to create weapons of destruction.	He was a sexual pervert.	pervert
After the game fans invaded the pitch.	The explosion pitched her violently into the air.	pitch
The interior of the church was plain and simple.	Millions of buffalo used to roam freely across the Great Plains.	plain
Can I borrow your nail polish?	His mother is Polish.	polish
What would you do if you won a million pounds?	Heavy rain pounded on the roof.	pound
I am not satisfied with the present situation.	What can I get him for a birthday present?	present
The game was pretty good.	You look so pretty in that dress!	pretty
My class is doing a project on medieval towns.	 A growth rate of 4 per cent is projected for next year.	project
She now teaches only private pupils.	Her pupils were dilated.	pupil
The hunters lost sight of their quarry in the forest.	The local rock is quarried from the hillside.	quarry
Almost a quarter of respondents reported employment discrimination.	As a student in Paris, she loved the Latin quarter.	quarter
Stop making that terrible racket!	He smashed his racket into the clay.	racket
She was not used to mixing with people of high social rank.	I think the whole situation is pretty rank.	rank
She could not recall his name.	Both countries recalled their ambassadors.	recall
You should keep a record of your expenses.	She holds the world record for the 100 metres.	record
She refused to accept that there was a problem.	How does refuse collection works here?	refuse
We have a reservation in the name of Grant.	I have serious reservations about his ability to do the job.	reservation
She resumed her career after an interval of six years.	There is still a glaring hole in his resume.	resume
The army quickly crushed the revolt.	All the violence in the movie revolted me.	revolt
Did you get the answer right?	My right eye is weaker than my left eye.	right
He was wearing a ring on his middle finger.	The church bells rang.	ring
They drilled through several layers of rock to reach the oil.	The boat rocked from side to side in the waves.	rock
The ball rolled down the hill.	Bake the rolls for 18–20 minutes.	roll
There is a row of trees in front of the house.	We rowed around the island.	row
He eventually became ruler over all Egypt.	I need a ruler for geometry.	ruler
Here was corruption on a grand scale.	The beast was a dragon, with great purple and green scales.	scale
The letter bore the president's seal.	The annual seal hunt takes place on the pack ice off Greenland.	seal
Any proposal must be seconded by two other members of the committee.	Each year two teachers are seconded to industry for six months.	second
The area is under threat from the sheer number of tourists using it.	I only agreed out of sheer desperation.	sheer
Looking back, I should have seen the signs.	Sign here, please.	sign
The submarine sank after an explosion.	Do not just leave your dirty plates in the sink!	sink
The birds arrive in late spring and leave again in early autumn.	The springs in the sofa have gone.	spring
The prince had to tax his subjects heavily to raise money for the war.	Which subjects are you studying?	subject
I tore my jeans on the fence.	A tear rolled down his face.	tear
